Add missing alias name in mc-alias-set example command (#1329)
minio/docs: source/includes/common/common-deploy.rst

      .. code-block:: shell
         :class: copyable

         mc alias set myminio http://localhost:9000 myminioadmin minio-secret-key-change-me

>       Replace ``myminioadmin`` and ``minio-secret-key-change-me`` with the :envvar:`MINIO_ROOT_USER` and :envvar:`MINIO_ROOT_PASSWORD` values in the environment file specified to the container.

Reviewer: We need to add a line here:
```suggestion
   - Replace ``myminio`` with the desired name to use for the alias.
   - Replace ``myminioadmin`` with the :envvar:`MINIO_ROOT_USER` value in the environment file specified to the container.
   - Replace ``minio-secret-key-change-me`` with the :envvar:`MINIO_ROOT_PASSWORD` value in the environment file specified to the container.
```

Also converting to a list to mimic how we do replacements in other code blocks.

Author: Addressed. Here is what the section looks like with my change:
![Screenshot from 2024-09-23 11-11-30](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f632db7c-d8e6-4071-9d60-0e6f157c4024)
